FB Pixel Event ID details (#509)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/advertising/fb-pixel.mdx

  - The `event_id` must be unique to that specific event and the same for both of the events coming from the Pixel and Conversion API
  - For example: the `event_id` could be the purchase order number etc.

> You can set the `event_id` in `traits` , `context.traits` or `properties` object as an unique identifier. It works for cloud as well as device mode. If you don't set the `event_id`, RudderStack will use the `messageId` to map to Facebook's `eventId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `event_id` in `traits` , `context.traits` or `properties` object as a unique identifier. This works for the [cloud mode](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/connections/rudderstack-connection-modes/#cloud-mode) as well as [device mode](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/connections/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode). 

<div class="infoBlock">

If you don't set the <code class="inline-code">event_id</code>, RudderStack will use <code class="inline-code">messageId</code> to map to Facebook's <code class="inline-code">eventId</code>.
</div>
```

Reviewer: Made minor structural changes and added references for better context/understanding.

> You can set the `event_id` as `traits.event_id: unique identifier` in the `context.traits` or `properties` object. It works for cloud as well as device mode. If you don't set the `event_id`, RudderStack will use the `messageId` to map to Facebook's `eventId`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set the `event_id` in `traits` , `context.traits` or `properties` object as an unique identifier. It works for cloud as well as device mode. If you don't set the `event_id`, RudderStack will use the `messageId` to map to Facebook's `eventId`.
```

> To set the `event_id`, you can set a unique identifier or a key-value pair in the `context.traits`, `properties`, or `traits` object. It works for cloud as well as device mode. If you don't set the `event_id`, RudderStack will use the `messageId` to map to Facebook's `eventId`.

Reviewer 2: it should be set as `traits.event_id: unique identifier` for context.traits and `properties` as well

Author: @utsabc Please have a look now
